== Rackspace Bundle

This project is a set of simple scripts to take Rackspace base images and bundle them
to be RightScale quality RightImages that can be used with the RightScale dashboard
or without.


=== CentOS Instructions

Launch CentOS base image by running: 

  > bin/launch <server_name> <image_id>

Then upload centos scripts and files to instance using:

  > bin/upload

SSH into instance and configure instance using:

  > ./configure.sh

Finally, cleanup image before rebundle:

  > ./clean.sh

Then create new "image on demand" using the Rackspace dashboard.


== Building RightLink

At this point, the binaries used to create a RightLink rpm are in a private repo.
You need to install your private github key before running the build script

  > vim .ssh/id_rsa
  > chmod 600 .ssh/id_rsa 
  > ./build_rightlink.sh
  
Once the repo is made public this will be easier.


== LICENSE AND AUTHOR

Author:: Christopher Deutsch (<christopher@rightscale.com>)
Author:: Cary Penniman (<cary@rightscale.com>)

Copyright:: 2011, RightScale, Inc.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

